Tutorial for AML added. (#51)
kbayraktar/kbayraktar.github.io: te_markdown/terminology.md

<a name="application-mapping-language"></a>Application Mapping Language (AML)
: A language used by [testers](#tester) to define the platform- or application-specific vocabulary for the [test steps](#test-step), and by [developers](#developers) to map these steps to the concrete actions to be performed for testing, implemented in [test fixtures](#test-fixture).

<a name="component"></a>Component

> : A component is a headline for all web elements on a single web page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A component is a container for UI elements and interactions. In case of a web application it could be used to describe a  single web page.
```

<a name="developer"></a>Developer
: A person who is involved in the development of the [software under test](#software-under-test). User acceptance tests described with the [test case language (TCL)](#test-case-language) are continuously executed during the development process to check the progress with each development increment, and to validate the implementation.

<a name="domain-expert"></a>Domain Expert
: A user of the [software under test](#software-under-test), or other stakeholder, who has a deep understanding of the problem domain. Domain experts specify what they expect the system to do and how it should behave, using the [test specification language (TSL)](#test-specification-language).

<a name="locator-strategy"></a>Locator Strategy

> : Locating web elements are realized through locator types (for further information see [Selenium documentation for locating elements](https://www.seleniumhq.org/docs/02_selenium_ide.jsp#locating-elements)). For these locator types the [web-fixture](https://github.com/test-editor/web-fixture) offers the possibility to choose one of these locator  types through the locator strategy which assist to search for web-elements by name, identifier, link text, CSS ([for further information see W3Schools CSS Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp)) or XPath ([for further information see W3Schools XPath Tutorial](http://www.w3schools.com/xml/xpath_intro.asp)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Locating elements on the UI is described using locator types (for further information on locating web elements view this [Selenium documentation](https://www.seleniumhq.org/docs/02_selenium_ide.jsp#locating-elements)). The [web-fixture](https://github.com/test-editor/web-fixture) allows to choose locator types for web applications. Available locator types allow locating by XPATH, name, identifier, link text, CSS ([for further information see W3Schools CSS Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp)) or XPath ([for further information see W3Schools XPath Tutorial](http://www.w3schools.com/xml/xpath_intro.asp)).
```
